1. I really like the home page to your website as it shows a unique and attention grabbing display. You added a lot of pictures all throughout the website which gives it a lot of content and different interesting aspects.
2. I see a lot of similarities in our websites but I think the main difference is the way you do your home page. I like that it is very welcoming and doesn't display anything unnecessary whereas I think I could have done a better job at separating the content from my home page and putting it elsewhere. I believe my codebase might be a bit more maintainable just because I have an html folder that separates my different html files from the index.html. This isn't a huge difference, however, because I believe both of our projects are very maintainable and easy to navigate.
3. Other than not having an html directory, I think your code is very well organized and your files are named appropriately according to their significance. You did a good job at separating commonly used styles from the styles that are used specificly for a certain page on your website.
4. I think you did an awesome job at creating class and ID names that are relevant to their elements. Each one is descriptive and used consistently where needed. You eliminate any duplication very well, making it easy to find certain classes and figuring out what attributes are given to them specifically.
5. My only criticism is the create or leave out headers for each page. What I mean by this is that you have a header on your 'The Band' page and kind of on your 'Song List' page, but not anywhere else, so I would try to keep that consistent throughout your website. I like the colors you used, as they are very similar to mine and look pleasing to the eye :) Nice work overall on the website!
